cgpop
=====

a mirror of cgpop https://code.google.com/p/cgpop/

use wget to download other data file (too big to put into github)::

   wget https://github.com/wzzhang-HIT/cgpop/releases/download/v1.1/topography.0.1 -O data/topography.0.1

download http://www.cs.colostate.edu/hpc/cgpop/cgpoptiles.tgz to extract to
data dir, or you can use cginit to generate these files according to pdf file
in doc

provide new ``deply.sh`` to run cgpop. it would write pbs under run folder. you
must run at ``run`` folder to run cgpop correctly

build original
-----------------

cgpop require `netcdf fortran`__ bindings, you need compile and install it first.

__ http://www.unidata.ucar.edu/downloads/netcdf/ftp/netcdf-fortran-4.2.tar.gz

or in ubuntu , just install ``libnetcdf-dev`` and ``libnetcdff5`` packages. 
first one provides ``netcdf.mod`` which fortran header file. latter provides
``libnetcdff.so`` fortran shared library.

::

    export NETCDF\_DIR=...
    ./build.linux

build llvm hack
------------------

this use -insert-edge-profiling to make profiling out. you need install
llvm-prof__ first. makesure you add
correct pkgconfig dir to ``$PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` ::

    export NETCDF\_DIR=...
    export DRAGONEGG=...
    ./build.llvm

__ https://github.com/xiehuc/llvm-prof

build debug symbol
-------------------

modify build.\* script change ``make`` to ``make OPTIMIZE=no``

build single project
----------------------

if you want to do experiment, and only compile in one directory like mpi2s1D,
there are some things you need know:

.. code:: bash

   cd mpi2s1D
   export ARCHDIR=llvm
   make -f GNUMakefile

1.  notice link file source/domain\_size.F90, it should link to a scale like domain\_size.F90.180x120
2.  notice pop\_in file, this content should match domain\_size, or would crach while run.

run 
----

1. modify deply.pbs.template properly,
2. modify ~/.bashrc properly,
3. run ``./deply.sh``
